Game Introduction:
"You're in this village in which some people are Werewolves. Every 'night' you guys close
your eyes. The people who are Werewolves open their eyes and secretly pick someone to
bite. Everyone opens their eyes and I tell you who died.
"What happens then is that the Villagers have to figure out who amongst them is actually a
Werewolf. You guys debate for a while, then on the count of three everyone points at who
they think should be Lynched.
"Whoever has the most fingers pointed at them gets Lynched. Of course, the Villagers can
end up lynching innocents instead of Werewolves. Whatever happens, you close your
eyes again and the Werewolves pick another victim. The Werewolves want to kill all the
Villagers before the Villagers can lynch them.
"Don't worry too much if you don't understand what your card says: I'll explain what each
card does as we go along. Because of that, though, the first night takes a long time, so I'll
try to let you guys take a break and open your eyes as often as I can.
"BE CAREFUL about accidentally giving away who you are. Even though people have
their eyes closed, they're listening for signs that you're squirming around - or even
suddenly silent - when I call you”
"Ok, so if - and ONLY if - you have the 'BLAH BLAH' card, open your eyes.”
"If your hand was grabbed, open your eyes and recognise who the other BLAH BLAHs
are”.

"Night is falling in the village. Everyone is going to sleep. Shut your eyes and don't peek"
make sure everyone has their eyes shut.
Just once at the beginning:
“Cupid open your eyes and select two people you want to be lovers.”
"Cupid, close your eyes”
“Now I will go around and tap the lovers.
Both will open their eyes and show each other their identity: thumbs up = villager, thumbs down =
werewolf”.
“Defender, open your eyes"
“Defender choose one villager to defend tonight. Remember, you can’t defend the same person
you defended last night.”
The defender chooses who to defend from werewolves.
"Defender, close your eyes”
"Werewolves, open your eyes"
"Werewolves, make sure you know who the other werewolves are"
"Werewolves, pick someone to be tonight's victim"
make sure you know who the victim is, by pointing and getting confirmation.
"Werewolves, close your eyes"
make sure everyone has their eyes shut.
"Nurse, open your eyes"
"Nurse, I will show you who was killed tonight.”
“Remember you can do this only once throughout the game.“
“Do you want to save the victim?”
make sure you know who they are indicating, then either nod and give a thumbs up, or shake your
head and give a thumbs down.
"Nurse, close your eyes”
make sure everyone has their eyes shut.
"Witch, open your eyes”
“Remember you can use each of your potions only once in a game.“
“Witch, I will show you who was killed tonight.”
“Do you want to save the victim with your life potion?”
"Witch, who do you want to kill with your death potion?”
make sure you know who they are indicating, then either nod and give a thumbs up, or shake your
head and give a thumbs down.
"Witch, close your eyes"
make sure everyone has their eyes shut.
"Seer, open your eyes"
"Seer, who would you like to know about"
make sure you know who they are indicating, then either nod and give a thumbs up, or shake your
head and give a thumbs down.
"Seer, close your eyes"
make sure everyone has their eyes shut.
"OK, Morning arrives, and everyone wakes up. Everyone, except ..."
(feel free to embelish the narrative with a weather report & maybe a description of the body)
"Villagers, it is your job to discover who has murdered poor ... and take revenge. You have until
nightfall to choose someone to lynch”
If the day takes too long & the Villagers can’t decide – use the Scapegoat ability GM:
“Okay! This day is over. I’m killing the Scapegoat!”

